:sparkles: Add http forwarding section (#3045)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/increase-observability/logs/forward-logs.md

{{< /codetabs >}}

## Forward to an HTTP endpoint

Some third-party services, such as [Elasticsearch](../../add-services/elasticsearch.md) and [OpenSearch](../../add-services/opensearch.md),
support ingesting log messages through an HTTP endpoint.
You can use HTTP forwarding to forward Platform.sh logs to such third-party services.

HTTP forwarding makes a `POST` HTTP request with an `application/json` body while forwarding the log messages to the endpoint.

> To forward logs to Elasticsearch/OpenSearch using HTTP log forwarding, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, to forward logs to Elasticsearch using HTTP log forwarding, run the following command:
```

```

> platform integration:add --type httplog --url "https://{{< variable "ES_OS_URL" >}}/{{< variable "INDEX_NAME" >}}/_doc" --header "Authorization: Basic <basic_auth_token>" --header "Content-Type: application/json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platform integration:add --type httplog --url "https://{{< variable "ELASTICSEARCH_URL" >}}/{{< variable "INDEX_NAME" >}}/_doc" --header "Authorization: Basic <basic_auth_token>" --header "Content-Type: application/json"
```

HTTP forwarding makes a `POST` HTTP request with an `application/json` body while forwarding the log messages to the endpoint.

> To forward logs to Elasticsearch/OpenSearch using HTTP log forwarding, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: > As an example, to forward logs to Elasticsearch/OpenSearch using HTTP log forwarding, run the following command:

```

> platform integration:add --type httplog --url "https://{{< variable "ES_OS_URL" >}}/{{< variable "INDEX_NAME" >}}/_doc" --header "Authorization: Basic <basic_auth_token>" --header "Content-Type: application/json"

Reviewer 2: ```sh
platform integration:add --type httplog --url "https://{{< variable "ELASTICSEARCH_URL" >}}/{{< variable "INDEX_NAME" >}}/_doc" --header "Authorization: Basic <basic_auth_token>" --header "Content-Type: application/json"

```
